# json-api
Build a REST based JSON mock server to easily add, update, delete and access data from a JSON file. Every data set should have a parent identifier (entity type), which will be used in the GET APIs. Every data set should have an ID (Primary key) ID should be immutable, error needs to be thrown if ID is tried to be mutated. If you make POST, PUT, PATCH or DELETE requests, changes have to be automatically saved to store.json. The store.json file should support multiple entity types.  Sample APIs to be supported by the mock server on store.json file: GET    /posts GET    /posts/0 POST   /posts PUT    /authors/1 PATCH  /posts/1 DELETE /posts/1 Enable filtering at entity level : GET /posts?title=title1&amp;author=CIQ Enable sorting at entity level : GET /posts?_sort=views&amp;_order=asc Enable basic search at entity level: GET /posts?q=IQ Support for nested structures will yield a bonus point. Treat store.json as an empty slate where you can add and retrieve any data. Rules of the game! There is no restriction on the programming language. Candidates are expected to deploy the application on AWS / equivalent cloud provider. Candidates are expected to submit github repo details along with the public endpoint [Need not be behind a R53 domain] for us to access the server. Do submit sample API requests used for dev testing along with the list of functionalities you have implemented. Candidates will be given 3 days to submit the solution. Feel free to reach out Chaithra for any clarifications. Candidates will be judged based on completeness of functional and nonfunctional requirements, code style and quality. Additional functionalities identified and implemented will yield bonus points. Get coding! All the best.
